CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Please feel free to submit pull requests or open issues to improve the language of this document or to provide additional [translations](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/translations).

You should also check the [issues](https://github.com/EthicalSource/contributor_covenant/issues) for the latest discussions involving the current and future versions of the Contributor Covenant.

If you're new to contributing to projects hosted on Github, or need a refresher, you may find [How to make your first pull request on GitHub](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-make-your-first-pull-request-on-github-3/) a useful resource.

## Adding a Project to the List of Adopters

* Fork the repository.
* Add a new row to the [adopters.csv](static/adopters.csv) file,
  with the project name in the first column, and the project URL in the second column.
* Open a pull request.

## We respect and appreciate different kinds of contributions

Ways that you can contribute:

### Community governance experts

We value collaboration with contributors who bring their experience with code of conduct design or enforcement to continue to improve Contributor Covenant.

### Writers and copy editors

We welcome contributions to improve the language of our site.

### Designers

We welcome improvements to the design elements of our website or other ways that you can use your talents to improve [contributor-covenant.org](https://contributor-covenant.org).

### Translators and native speakers

We're always looking for new localizations of the Contributor Covenant and are thankful to the volunteers who spend their time on translations.

We also rely on the contributions of native speakers in the form of review, edits, and suggestions.

If you are interested in doing a translation, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository and make a branch for your translation.
1. If it's a new language, add it to `config.toml`, with a localized name and language code/optional region (e.g. `pt` or `pt-br`).
1. Create a markdown file with your translation in `version/2/0/code_of_conduct.LANGUAGECODE.md`. (Underscores, not hyphens.)
1. Open a pull request.
1. We will put out a call to have one or more other native speakers review the translation.
1. Collaborate until the translation is satisfactory.
1. We will merge your translation!
1. HTML and plain text versions are automatically generated from your markdown file.
1. A link to your translation is automatically added to the translations page.

### Developers

Code contributions to improve the development or operation of the [contributor-covenant.org](https://contributor-covenant.org) web site are welcome.

#### Build the website locally

To build the website locally, first [install Hugo](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing) using your package manager of choice.

For example, on Debian/Ubuntu:

```bash
apt-get install hugo
```

If you are using Arch Linux:

```bash
pacman -S hugo
```

If you are using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh) on macOS:

```bash
brew install hugo
```

#### Start the server

From the repository's root directory, start the development server:
```bash
hugo server -D
```

## Code Style

- Use spaces for indentation
- Order properties alphabetically

### HTML

- Include `alt` attribute for all images
- Include `title` attribute for all links
- Close all your tags properly

### CSS

- Try to use classes instead of IDs unless things are absolutely unique
- One selector per line
- Support IE 9 and above
- Use `rem` over `em` or `px`
- Capitalize hexadecimal
- Breaking lines should be `1px solid #CCC`
- Maintain [contrast](https://webaim.org/resources/contrastchecker/) to WCAG AA on normal text, WCAG AAA on large text
- Use colors from [this palette](https://color.adobe.com/Royal-Purples-color-theme-7468845/edit/?copy=true&base=2&rule=Custom&selected=4&name=Copy%20of%20Royal%20Purples&mode=rgb&rgbvalues=0.2980392156862745,0.06666666666666667,0.3803921568627451,0.8,0.14901960784313725,0.1411764705882353,0.403921568627451,0,0.6784313725490196,0.5372549019607843,0.12156862745098039,0.6784313725490196,1,0.7137254901960784,0.08627450980392157&swatchOrder=0,1,2,3,4)

### Markdown

- Do not use fancy quotes, dashes, and such; the Markdown processor will handle that.

Commit message:

update issue and dev sections of CONTRIBUTING

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Please feel free to submit pull requests or open issues to improve the language of this document, [code contributions](#developers) to the website, design updates, or to provide additional [translations](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/translations).

You should also check the [issues](https://github.com/EthicalSource/contributor_covenant/issues) for the latest discussions involving the current and future versions of the Contributor Covenant.

If you're new to contributing to projects hosted on Github, or need a refresher, you may find [How to make your first pull request on GitHub](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-make-your-first-pull-request-on-github-3/) a useful resource.

## Submitting an Issue or Feature Request

If the issue or feature request you are submitting is not already listed in the [issues](https://github.com/EthicalSource/contributor_covenant/issues), please open a new issue using the **New Issue** button, and then selecting either the **🪲Bug Report** or **💡Feature Request** template.

## Adding a Project to the List of Adopters

* Fork the repository.
* Add a new row to the [adopters.csv](static/adopters.csv) file,
  with the project name in the first column, and the project URL in the second column.
* Open a pull request.

## We respect and appreciate different kinds of contributions

Ways that you can contribute:

### Community governance experts

We value collaboration with contributors who bring their experience with code of conduct design or enforcement to continue to improve Contributor Covenant.

### Writers and copy editors

We welcome contributions to improve the language of our site.

### Designers

We welcome improvements to the design elements of our website or other ways that you can use your talents to improve [contributor-covenant.org](https://contributor-covenant.org).

### Translators and native speakers

We're always looking for new localizations of the Contributor Covenant and are thankful to the volunteers who spend their time on translations.

We also rely on the contributions of native speakers in the form of review, edits, and suggestions.

If you are interested in doing a translation, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository and make a branch for your translation.
1. If it's a new language, add it to `config.toml`, with a localized name and language code/optional region (e.g. `pt` or `pt-br`).
1. Create a markdown file with your translation in `version/2/0/code_of_conduct.LANGUAGECODE.md`. (Underscores, not hyphens.)
1. Open a pull request.
1. We will put out a call to have one or more other native speakers review the translation.
1. Collaborate until the translation is satisfactory.
1. We will merge your translation!
1. HTML and plain text versions are automatically generated from your markdown file.
1. A link to your translation is automatically added to the translations page.

### Developers

Code contributions to improve the development or operation of the [contributor-covenant.org](https://contributor-covenant.org) web site are welcome. To do so, first check to make sure your issue is not already listed in the [issues](https://github.com/EthicalSource/contributor_covenant/issues).

#### Build the website locally

1. To build the website locally, first [fork](https://github.com/EthicalSource/contributor-covenant-builder/fork) the repo and then clone it to your local machine.
2. [install Hugo](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing) using your package manager of choice.

For example, on Debian/Ubuntu:

```bash
apt-get install hugo
```

If you are using Arch Linux:

```bash
pacman -S hugo
```

If you are using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh) on macOS:

```bash
brew install hugo
```

3. From the respository's root directory, start the development server and then view it at http://localhost:1313/.

```bash
hugo server -D
```

4. Any changes you make will be reflected in the browser.

#### Code Style

- Use spaces for indentation
- Order properties alphabetically

##### HTML

- Include `alt` attribute for all images
- Include `title` attribute for all links
- Close all your tags properly

##### CSS

- Try to use classes instead of IDs unless things are absolutely unique
- One selector per line
- Support IE 9 and above
- Use `rem` over `em` or `px`
- Capitalize hexadecimal
- Breaking lines should be `1px solid #CCC`
- Maintain [contrast](https://webaim.org/resources/contrastchecker/) to WCAG AA on normal text, WCAG AAA on large text
- Use colors from [this palette](https://color.adobe.com/Royal-Purples-color-theme-7468845/edit/?copy=true&base=2&rule=Custom&selected=4&name=Copy%20of%20Royal%20Purples&mode=rgb&rgbvalues=0.2980392156862745,0.06666666666666667,0.3803921568627451,0.8,0.14901960784313725,0.1411764705882353,0.403921568627451,0,0.6784313725490196,0.5372549019607843,0.12156862745098039,0.6784313725490196,1,0.7137254901960784,0.08627450980392157&swatchOrder=0,1,2,3,4)

##### Markdown

- Do not use fancy quotes, dashes, and such; the Markdown processor will handle that.

#### Submitting a Pull Request

TODO: Add a section about submitting a pull request.
